mdbook: add page (#4351)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/mdbook.md

# mdbook

> Create online books by writing makrdown files.
> More information: <https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/>.

> - Init mdbook files in  dir, default current dir:

Reviewer: Do this command create a `mdbook` project? Maybe this can say:
```suggestion
- Create a mdbook project in the current directory:
```
and you can split the `mdbook init` and `mdbook init {{path/to/directory}}` in 2 examples

Reviewer: Hey @hellojukay, this wasn't changed. Do you need more help to apply this?

> `mdbook init {{dir}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mdbook init {{path/to/directory}}`
```

> - Clean build dir:

Reviewer: Maybe this is clean
```suggestion
- Clean the directory with the generated book:
```

`mdbook clean`

- Serve a book at `http://localhost:3000`, auto build when file changes:

`mdbook serve`

> - Watch markdown  files, auto build when file changes:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this sentence
```suggestion
- Watch markdown files, auto build when file changes:
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps:
```suggestion
- Watch a set of markdown files and automatically build when a file is changed:
```

Author: Sorry ,English is not my mother tongue

Reviewer 2: No need to apologise. 🙂

Reviewer: don't worry, me neither.

# mdbook

> Create online books by writing makrdown files.

> > More information: <https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/>.

Reviewer: I don't find this link useful, because the CLI args are documented here:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook>.
```
Should we change @owenvoke ?

Reviewer 2: I think the current one seems fine to me. 👍🏻

> - Create a mdbook project in `{{path/to/directory}}`:

Reviewer: Move this as example number 2:
```suggestion
- Create a mdbook project in a specific directory:
```

`mdbook init {{path/to/directory}}`

> - Init mdbook files in current dir:

Reviewer: Move the example with no arguments, this should be the first example:
```suggestion
- Create a mdbook project in the current directory:
```
